Documentation rework (#324)
andersbogsnes/ml_tooling: docs/install.rst

Installation
============

.. highlight:: bash

> :Requirements: **Python 3.x >= 3.6**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:Requirements: **Python 3.x >= 3.7**
```

To install the latest released version of ml_tooling::

  $ pip install ml_tooling

  $ conda install -c conda-forge ml_tooling

From Source
-----------

You can install ml_tooling from source just as you would install any other
Python package::

    $ pip install git+https://github.com/anders_bogsnes/ml_tooling.git

> This will allow you to keep up to date with development on GitHub::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to install the very newest development version on GitHub::
```
